cherami-thrift 
==============

Cherami is a distributed, scalable, durable, and highly available message queue system we developed at Uber Engineering to transport asynchronous tasks. 

Cherami thrift holds the TChannel-Thrift APIs for cherami exposed to the outside world.
Getting started
---------------

To install cherami-thrift:

```
git clone git@github.com:uber/cherami-thrift.git
```

Developing
----------

The cherami-thrift.git branch specifically holds the thrift definition along with the autogenerated code for the thrift APIs.

There are a bunch of dependencies for Cherami which needs to be installed first before getting started:
* Make certain that `thrift` (OSX: `brew install thrift`) and `glide` are
in your path (above).
* `thrift-gen` is needed to autogenerate thrift APIs (`go get github.com/uber/tchannel-go/thrift/thrift-gen`)
* `cassandra` which is our metadata store.
* `rocksdb` to store our actual data.
* cherami-thrift.git repo
* cherami-client-go.git repo
* cherami-server.git repo

Once we have everything, you can do the following to build:
```
make bins
```

Contributing
------------

We'd love your help in making Cherami great. If you need new API(s) to be added to our thrift files, open an issue and we will respond as fast as we can. If you want to propose new feature(s) along with the appropriate APIs yourself, open a pull request to start a discussion and we will merge it after review.

**Note:** All contributors also need to fill out the [Uber Contributor License Agreement](http://t.uber.com/cla) before we can merge in any of your changes

Documentation
--------------

Interested in learning more about Cherami? Read the blog post:
[eng.uber.com.cherami](https://eng.uber.com/cherami/)

License
-------
MIT License, please see [LICENSE](https://github.com/uber/cherami-thrift/blob/master/LICENSE) for details.
